getting thing to do what you love is
pretty much everyone's dream and some
days you just forget how different our
lives have become because if you had
asked us few years ago when we were
living in a friend's couch in Montreal
if we would end up where we are today we
would have probably called you crazy not
that we didn't believe in the potential
of the projects that we just didn't
think things would unfold the way they
did this is the story of how we went
from being broke to becoming a
sustainable business and a growing
YouTube channel but to understand how we
make money I have to start from day one
if you've seen the previous video then
you will know that when we first started
we weren't really rolling in cash we
were more broke than we had ever been
but we end up having the best months of
our lives together
after that followed four months of pure
financial struggle we only had 2,000
subscribers but we decide to quit
everything to focus on making these
videos as good as we possibly could at
the beginning Matt had to pay for a rent
out of this thing so Thomas and I got
part-time jobs but even then we could
have possibly make enough money to
sustain our life all our time and energy
focused on planning shooting and editing
this video and on October 17th 2015 we
officially ran out of money things were
really not going well
Matt's savings were dropping fast
Thomas's bank cancelled his debit card
and I was informed that if I didn't make
plans to go back to school I would lose
my full ride scholarship simply put we
were on the brink of collapse we're
stuck in our tiny little partner their
money their break yeah we have little
money
like so little ability to move and
travel like we could we can do so much
stuff but we actually don't have any
buddies just like get mulch and get out
of this apartment for circles real but
one day we promise we'll post this video
as hard as it is right now in a year in
two years we're going to post this and
hundreds of thousands people around the
world are gonna see it
just know that it's all about the hustle
all of this training is discovery day
for the next two months our goal every
single morning was to keep yes theory
aligned and finally one day we received
the strangest email that we have ever
received would you like to move to
Venice Beach California and get paid to
make videos convinced there was a scam
we actually does not respond for a few
days but once we did we realized it was
more serious than we thought a new
channel co-brother was going to launch
on snapchat the following year and they
were looking for a group of friends to
make video content for the channel
jackpot he had one chance to prove to
them that we were the right guys to
partner with so we went all out with a
concept that's very unlucky to work we
wanted to get the Prime Minister of
Canada Justin Trudeau in our holiday
card camo you couldn't drop the glitter
guys like an awkward Camelot not yet
somewhere they love the public episode
we made and we were given a budget to
make our first 30 videos we may be few
did what anyone living in the middle of
winter in Canada would do and we chase
the Sun
we had no idea what we were doing making
these videos in vertical for snapchat
but we had never been more determined
our lives to make something work all the
risks that we have taken up until now
finally had a chance to be rewarded and
we were not going to let that go we are
more certain than ever that our content
was going in the right direction and for
other thought so as well they extended
our budgets for another year and in May
of 2016 we moved to Venice Beach
California we spent the next year making
contents for both brother and YouTube
and today there is a lot more in the
horizon for us here we've just finished
our first year contract with brother and
we're now in the process of launching
bass theory show on which will be
available to tens of millions of users
around the world our goal is to develop
an entire ecosystem around yes theory
which will support the movement and help
spread to a lot more people we have a
newsletter we're building an app
creating a board game and we're growing
our production company in Los Angeles
and the best part of all of this is
we've only just started to reveal to you
the full scale of the s theory master
plan once again thank you so much for
being on this journey with us and we
promise that soon enough
the yes fan will be the most impactful
community on YouTube all right we'll see
you on Thursday with part 4 of the S
Theory origin series
[Music]